feat: stabilize credential-process and registry-auth (#12649)
rust-lang/cargo: src/doc/src/reference/registry-authentication.md

The credentials are stored as `cargo-registry:<index-url>` in the Credential Manager
under "Windows Credentials".

### `cargo:macos-keychain`
Uses the macOS Keychain to store tokens.

The Keychain Access app can be used to view stored tokens.

### `cargo:libsecret`
Uses [libsecret](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/Libsecret) to store tokens.

On GNOME, credentials can be viewed using [GNOME Keyring](https://wiki.gnome.org/Projects/GnomeKeyring).

### `cargo:token-from-stdout <command> <args>`
Launch a subprocess that returns a token on stdout. Newlines will be trimmed.
* The process inherits the user's stdin and stderr.
* It should exit 0 on success, and nonzero on error.
* [`cargo login`] and [`cargo logout`] are not supported and return an error if used.

The following environment variables will be provided to the executed command:

* `CARGO` --- Path to the `cargo` binary executing the command.
* `CARGO_REGISTRY_INDEX_URL` --- The URL of the registry index.
* `CARGO_REGISTRY_NAME_OPT` --- Optional name of the registry. Should not be used as a lookup key.

[`cargo login`]: ../commands/cargo-login.md
[`cargo logout`]: ../commands/cargo-logout.md

## External providers

> For external providers that follow Cargo's [credential provider protocol](credential-provider-protocol.md)
> use the path to the executable (or the executable name if on the `PATH`).

Reviewer: This sentence was a little confusing on my first read. Does something like the following seem a little clearer?

```suggestion
For external providers that follow Cargo's [credential provider protocol](credential-provider-protocol.md),
the configuration value should be a string with the path to the executable (or the executable name if on the `PATH`).
```

Author: Yes, this is better. Thanks!
